and it came to pass in the sixth year in
and it came to pass in the sixth year in the sixth month on the fifth day of the
the sixth month on the fifth day of the
the sixth month on the fifth day of the month as I sat in my house with the
month as I sat in my house with the
month as I sat in my house with the elders of Judah sitting before me that
elders of Judah sitting before me that
elders of Judah sitting before me that the hand of the Lord God fell upon me
the hand of the Lord God fell upon me
the hand of the Lord God fell upon me there then I looked and there was a
there then I looked and there was a
there then I looked and there was a likeness like the appearance of fire
likeness like the appearance of fire
likeness like the appearance of fire from the appearance of his waist and
from the appearance of his waist and
from the appearance of his waist and downward fire and from his waist and
downward fire and from his waist and
downward fire and from his waist and upward like the appearance of brightness
upward like the appearance of brightness
upward like the appearance of brightness like the color of amber
he stretched out the form of a hand and
he stretched out the form of a hand and took me by a lock of my hair and the
took me by a lock of my hair and the
took me by a lock of my hair and the spirit lifted me up between earth and
spirit lifted me up between earth and
spirit lifted me up between earth and heaven
heaven
heaven and brought me in visions of God to
and brought me in visions of God to
and brought me in visions of God to Jerusalem to the door of the north gate
Jerusalem to the door of the north gate
Jerusalem to the door of the north gate of the inner court where the seat of the
of the inner court where the seat of the
of the inner court where the seat of the image of jealousy was which provokes to
image of jealousy was which provokes to
image of jealousy was which provokes to jealousy and behold the glory of the God
jealousy and behold the glory of the God
jealousy and behold the glory of the God of Israel was there like the vision that
of Israel was there like the vision that
of Israel was there like the vision that I saw in the plain then he said to me
I saw in the plain then he said to me
I saw in the plain then he said to me son of man lift your eyes now toward the
son of man lift your eyes now toward the
son of man lift your eyes now toward the north so I lifted my eyes toward the
north so I lifted my eyes toward the
north so I lifted my eyes toward the north and their north of the altar gate
north and their north of the altar gate
north and their north of the altar gate was this image of jealousy in the
was this image of jealousy in the
was this image of jealousy in the entrance furthermore he said to me son
entrance furthermore he said to me son
entrance furthermore he said to me son of man do you see what they are doing
of man do you see what they are doing
of man do you see what they are doing the great abominations that the house of
the great abominations that the house of
the great abominations that the house of Israel commits here to make me go far
Israel commits here to make me go far
Israel commits here to make me go far away from my sanctuary
away from my sanctuary
away from my sanctuary now turn again you will see greater
now turn again you will see greater
now turn again you will see greater abominations so he brought me to the
abominations so he brought me to the
abominations so he brought me to the door of the court and when I looked
door of the court and when I looked
door of the court and when I looked there was a hole in the wall
there was a hole in the wall
there was a hole in the wall son of man
son of man
son of man dig into the wall and when I dug into
dig into the wall and when I dug into
dig into the wall and when I dug into the wall there was a door go in and see
the wall there was a door go in and see
the wall there was a door go in and see the wicked abominations which they are
the wicked abominations which they are
the wicked abominations which they are doing there so I went in and saw and
doing there so I went in and saw and
doing there so I went in and saw and there every smoke of creeping thing
there every smoke of creeping thing
there every smoke of creeping thing abominable beasts and all the idols of
abominable beasts and all the idols of
abominable beasts and all the idols of the house of Israel portrayed all around
the house of Israel portrayed all around
the house of Israel portrayed all around on the walls and there stood before them
on the walls and there stood before them
on the walls and there stood before them 70 men of the elders of the house of
70 men of the elders of the house of
70 men of the elders of the house of Israel and in their midst stood jazz and
Israel and in their midst stood jazz and
Israel and in their midst stood jazz and I on the son of shaphan each man had a
I on the son of shaphan each man had a
I on the son of shaphan each man had a sensor in his hand and a thick cloud of
sensor in his hand and a thick cloud of
sensor in his hand and a thick cloud of incense wet up Son of man have you seen
incense wet up Son of man have you seen
incense wet up Son of man have you seen what the elders of the house of Israel
what the elders of the house of Israel
what the elders of the house of Israel do in the dark every man in the room of
do in the dark every man in the room of
do in the dark every man in the room of his idols for they say the Lord does not
his idols for they say the Lord does not
his idols for they say the Lord does not see us the Lord has forsaken the land
see us the Lord has forsaken the land
see us the Lord has forsaken the land turn again and you will see greater
turn again and you will see greater
turn again and you will see greater abominations that they are doing so he
abominations that they are doing so he
abominations that they are doing so he brought me to the door of the north gate
brought me to the door of the north gate
brought me to the door of the north gate of the Lord's house and to my dismay
of the Lord's house and to my dismay
of the Lord's house and to my dismay women were sitting there weeping for
women were sitting there weeping for
women were sitting there weeping for Tammuz have you seen this of some of
Tammuz have you seen this of some of
Tammuz have you seen this of some of them turn again you will see greater
them turn again you will see greater
them turn again you will see greater abominations than these so he brought me
abominations than these so he brought me
abominations than these so he brought me into the inner Court of the Lord's house
into the inner Court of the Lord's house
into the inner Court of the Lord's house and there at the door of the temple of
and there at the door of the temple of
and there at the door of the temple of the Lord between the porch and the altar
the Lord between the porch and the altar
the Lord between the porch and the altar or about 25 men with their backs toward
or about 25 men with their backs toward
or about 25 men with their backs toward the Temple of the Lord and their faces
the Temple of the Lord and their faces
the Temple of the Lord and their faces toward the east and they were worshiping
toward the east and they were worshiping
toward the east and they were worshiping the Sun for the east have you seen this
the Sun for the east have you seen this
the Sun for the east have you seen this O son of man is it a trivial thing to
O son of man is it a trivial thing to
O son of man is it a trivial thing to the house of Judah to commit the
the house of Judah to commit the
the house of Judah to commit the abominations which they commit here for
abominations which they commit here for
abominations which they commit here for they have filled the land with violence
they have filled the land with violence
they have filled the land with violence then they have returned to provoke me to
then they have returned to provoke me to
then they have returned to provoke me to anger
anger
anger indeed they put the branch to their nose
indeed they put the branch to their nose
indeed they put the branch to their nose therefore I also will act in fury my I
therefore I also will act in fury my I
therefore I also will act in fury my I will not spare nor will I have pity and
will not spare nor will I have pity and
will not spare nor will I have pity and though they cry in my ears with a loud
though they cry in my ears with a loud
though they cry in my ears with a loud voice I will not hear